apps: update install requirements (#1653)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

  - Renamed `grafana-ops` to `grafana-dashboards`
  - Moved all grafana value templates to a separate folder
  - Moved grafana config from `prometheus.grafana` and `user.grafana` to `grafana.ops` and `grafana.user`

> - Install requirements also updates requirements
>   - It will also not try to install already correct installed requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Requirements installer will now update binaries if they are of the wrong version
  - It will also not try to install already correct installed requirements
```
